SUB: The number of medical universities in India must be increased proportional to the population of India instead of depending on reservation policies or foreign studies
Sep 27, 2021, San Jose, CA, USA

To

1. The Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Education
3. Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship
4. Ministry of Health & Family Welfare
5. To whoever else it may concern

Dear Respected Sir/Madam,

Namasthe. My sincere thanks to the Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed nations. I admire the audacious dream of your Government setting very high standards of governance for making India self-sufficient (AatmaNirbhar) in the next few years by a number of educational reforms such as NEP 2020, Skill India, Karma Yogi, ABDM etc.
On July 29 2021, upon completion of one year of NEP 2020, I read news that your Government has enacted a reservation scheme for OBCs(Other Backward Classes) and EWSs(Economically Weaker Sections). Even though this reservation action by your Government is commendable, in my view,

the best approach to the problem of contention and congestion at medical universities, in other words students aspiring(demand) and number of seats available(supply), is to simply increase the number of graduate and post-graduate universities of Medical Sciences.

Right now there are only 23 AIIMs functional or partly-functional. For a nation with more than 135 crore people, how are just 23 AIIMs justifiable? As per 2021 QS World University Rankings for medicine,

• there are 121 world ranked medical universities in USA with a population of just 33 crores
• there are 28 world ranked medical universities in China with a population comparable to India
• there are just 9 world ranked medical universities in India

Innovation, Patents and startups appear to be directly proportional to the number of universities with world standard education in Sciences, technologies, engineering, mathematics, medical sciences, management etc. Therefore, we must all make everyone understand what is meant by A KNOWLEDGE-BASED ECONOMY AND ITS IMPLICATIONS ON GLOBALIZATION. Same amount of metals in kitchen utensils gives less profit than a car or a smartphone. The difference is knowledge used to make a car, a micro-chip or a smartphone or other such high-tech product. The same weight of potatoes gives less profit than same weight of a bag of delicious chips. That’s the power of KNOWLEDGE-BASED ECONOMY.

Therefore, there is a need to increase the number of universities in India proportional to the population of India instead of depending on reservation policies or foreign studies. And when there are many of them proportional to the population of India, definitely India will emerge as a superpower and a guide for their allies similar to how USA is with respect to NATO and China is with respect to ASEAN.

Any kind of reservation is not a permanent solution. As India's population is increasing, more Indians are are now getting educated in primary & secondary schools and therefore there must be a proportional increase in the tertiary education i.e. universities in STEM fields(Sciences, Technologies, Engineering, Management etc.)
Since it is in my own personal interest if not anyone else’s grievance that all Indians are aligned towards improving standard-of-living for all, I am submitting this humble grievance/request/suggestion as a PDF document attached.

What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect & wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.

Satyameva Jayathe!
Kal Gandikota
2924 Covewood Ct, San Jose, California, USA, 95148
Mobile Phone: 1 949 280 9662

Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language,
region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. 