SUB: Revision Required for India’s Recently Announced Semiconductor Policy Because Some Developed Countries Are Investing Manyfolds Compared To India’s Semiconductor Policy.
July 30 2022, San Jose, CA, USA
To
1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology
3. Ministry of Defense
4. Ministry of External Affairs
5. Ministry of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship
6. Ministry of Labor and Employment
7. Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
8. Ministry of Statistics and program Implementation
9. Ministry of Chemicals
10. Ministry of Jal Shakthi
11. Ministry of Mines
12. Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises
13. Ministry of Power and Renewable Energies
14. Ministry of Home Affairs
15. Ministry of Law and Justice
16. Ministries related to Gati-Shakti(like Railways, Ships, Civil Aviation, Road Transport, Water-ways etc.)
17. Ministry of Information and Broadcasting
18. Expert Translators of languages in the Central Government
19. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to your Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed countries. I admire the audacious dream of raising the Indian living standards with a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Agnipath, Gati-Shakthi, Gift City, Mission Karmayogi, GEM, JAM Trinity etc.
Suggestion: In order for India to compete in the 21st century Industrial revolution 4.0, there is a need to sufficiently review, revise and upgrade the recently announced India’s Semiconductor policy(especially Chips2Startup program) because some developed countries are investing manyfolds compared to India’s recently announced Semiconductor policy. Therefore the recently announced India’s Semiconductor policies must be sufficiently reviewed, revised and upgraded because it is a long-term plan in itself similar to and in parallel to the India’s High-speed Railways projects.
Since the announcement of $10 billion PLI by India’s Central Government towards the establishment of semiconductor manufacturing units in India, few developed countries like South Korea, Taiwan and USA also announced their semiconductor plans each worth well over $100 billion US dollars.
1. South Korea alone is going to invest around $450 billion US dollars and also increase their semiconductor workforce by around 100,000 in the next few years. They expressed their intent to setup around 11 plants in USA over the next 10 years.
2. Taiwan’s TSMC is planning to invest around $100 billion US dollars setting up their commercial semiconductor plants in Japan and USA.
3. You may know recently USA also signed their ‘Chips Act’ of around 280 billion US dollars for investing in the production and research of semiconductor, quantum and other such nano-technologies.
4. China is planning to invest more than $1000 billion US dollars in the next 5 to 10 years. Yes sir, they are going to invest over a Trillion US dollars in the research and production of semiconductor and other nano-technologies like quantum computing, spintronics etc.
5. In 2021, Japan instantly approved around 7 billion dollars for manufacturing semiconductors in their country. They are also partnering with USA for research in semiconductor and nano-technologies.
Thus since the announcement of India’s semiconductor policy and PLIs in 2021, there have been many international disruptions in the semiconductor industry with the announcement of national policies and bilateral engagements by various developed countries like USA, South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Germany, Netherlands etc. Therefore please kindly motivate the policy making bodies of the concerned ministries of the Central Government of India to revise/upgrade India’s own semiconductor policies including but not limited to the development & research of semiconductor raw materials, machineries/equipment, foreign policies, supply chains & logistics and skilled work-forces.
In this letter, I am going to detail just one revision example related to the revision of India’s skilled-workforce targets over one decade. For rapid progress of semiconductor ICs and electronics (especially IT, transportation systems, robotics, drones, home appliances etc.) industry in India, India must produce skilled work-forces proportional to the population of India. If South Korea with a population of just 5.8 crores announced their plan to increase their semiconductor/electronics work-force by 100,000(one lakh) this decade, then India with a population of around 140 crores must increase the semiconductor/electronics skilled work-force by 24 lakhs over the same period. The Chips2Startup(C2S) program announced by your Central Government is only about 85,000 skilled work-force for 5 years which is a meagre number compared to the requirements of a country like India with a population of around 140 crores comparable to the population of China which had a GDP of over 17 trillion US dollars in 2021.
Another statistic, USA has a population of 33 crores and they still recruit 85,000 skilled immigrant workers in just one year though their H1-B visa program alone. On top of that, every year USA also offers O1, L1 and other such visas to highly-skilled workers in addition to their H1-B visa program. Therefore the numbers of India’s skilled human resources must be increased drastically proportional to the population of India to account for the poaching brain-drain by the semiconductor and electronic projects announced by the developed countries. Thus in my view, even now India is missing much required skilled human resources for the semiconductor/microchip manufacturing businesses, effective foreign policy etc. Therefore increasing the number of universities and their global rankings must be a primary focus of India’s Intellectuals, Indian Governments (at center and states) and NGOs now so that India also has the choicest man-power to work not only on latest sciences and technologies but also social and political reforms ultimately improving the overall standard of living of all. For those who can’t pursue studies at Universities, there must be enough number of vocational colleges teaching them 21st century job skills so they either provide their services or start their own trades.
Since it is in my own personal interest if not anyone else’s grievance that all Indians are aligned towards improving standard-of-living for all, I am submitting this humble grievance/request/suggestion as a detailed PDF document attached.
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a stable, harmonious, peaceful and a prosperous nation with more than 15 trillion dollar economy soon, I humbly present this suggestion for your Government’s review keeping in mind the ever changing politics & economies around the world and also the breaking-India forces in the neighborhood of India and also around the world.
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or
asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect & wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my
English mistakes too.
Satyameva Jayathe!
Kal Gandikota

Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors. Copy to whoever it may concern.
Page 3 of 3


