SUB: Suggestions for the National Electricity Policy 2021 (In other words, suggestions for Electricity GENERATION, TRANSMISSION and DISTRIBUTION in an era of 21st century Digital Governance in India)
June 05 2021, San Jose, CA, USA
To
1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Power
3. Ministry of Renewable Energy
4. Ministry of Atomic Energy
5. Ministry of Science and Technology
6. Ministry of Information and Broadcasting
7. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed nations. I admire the audacious dream of making India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next few years by a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Mission Karmayogi, Updated Farm laws etc.
I understand you set very high standards of governance for drive the nation forward towards self-sufficiency (Atmanirbharatha). In this regard, please find attached a pdf document suggesting ideas for the National Electricity Policy 2021. In other words, suggestions for Electricity GENERATION, TRANSMISSION and DISTRIBUTION in an era of 21st century Digital Governance in India.
I did upload the document on time onto mygov website by the deadline May 15 2021, however since uninterrupted 24/7 electricity is one of the requirements for high-tech industry directly related to youth employment and entrepreneurship, please kindly gather some time to go over the points presented in the attached PDF document. If you are short of time, please kindly forward my document to your advisors for review and summary. (My grass-roots views are based on my observations in corporations of USA and also related to the globalization of high-tech industries.)
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a prosperous nation with more than 15 trillion dollar economy soon, robust policies must be created and/or updated for continuously improving electricity generation, transmission and distribution in the country with emphasis on transmission & distribution for the sake of high-tech industries.
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect or wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.
Satyameva Jayathe,
Kal Gandikota

Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors.