SUB: Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region for powering Overall India’s Growth
**No Response Required. **

May 11 2021, San Jose, CA, USA

To

1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region
3. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed nations. I admire the audacious dream of making India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next few years by a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Mission Karmayogi, Updated Farm laws etc.
I understand that the Covid statistics of India have become concern for your government for the rest of year. However, as I am observing, North East appears to have least percentages of Covid cases compared to the rest of country. Also, as I notice news, the ASEAN countries and also the East Asian countries have effectively curtailed Covid without serious lockdowns like India. Thus, I am of opinion that North Easterners have better resistance to Covid and also probably what they are eating is also helping prevent Covid in North Eastern States.
Here is a question for Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region of India:
“Since North East India is not affected by Covid as much, how can North East India become an engine for the overall development of India and also provide food security to entire India?”
Please find below some thoughts related to the Development of North East India for the overall development of India.
1. There is a need to increase Oxygen generation plants in North East India. It is possible to increase Oxygen generation plants in North East India by utilizing Hydro-electric potential of North East India.
2. North Eastern Region has one-third potential for Hydro-electricity of the entire nation. How can this electricity be produced quickly for the development of North-Eastern States? And how can this electricity be utilized for industries (including food processing) to benefit rest of India? As we now notice China is already building a big Hydro-electric project in Tibet which will reduce the Hydro-potential of North East India. Therefore, it is best to strengthen the country by at least building micro-grids of HEPs for the development of North East just enough to thwart the separation of North East into different countries which appears to be the plan of both China, USA and may be many other countries.
3. Still there is a lot to be done logistically to transport agricultural produces (primary, secondary and tertiary food products) from North East into rest of India. 
4. Right now it appears the North East hill farming is limited to Ayurveda plants (including spices & teas) and horticulture (some flowers for decorations and special occasions.) In addition to traditional hill farming, more varieties of world crops which generate greater revenue must be encouraged in all hilly areas of North East India.
5. India’s hills and mountains cannot be content with being amusement parks of stone-age for the rich travelers from developed countries and their kids. Similar to China, India must also enable latest 21st century farming methods to help create wealth in those regions so that the state and central governments get more revenues. 
6. North Eastern Region also appears to have potential for various minerals and fossil fuels. How can those resources be tapped effectively for the overall development of India?
7. In the next few months, Assam is going to be submerged in Floods again. What are the plans of both Central and State Governments to alleviate suffering due to floods going forward?
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a prosperous nation with more than 5 trillion dollar economy soon, more robust programs must be created to empower North East India to not only become a food bowl for the entire nation but also provide raw materials for manufacturing products for entire India and the world.
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect & wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.
Satyameva Jayathe!
Kal Gandikota
San Jose, CA, USA
Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors.
Copy to whoever else it may concern.
*No Response Required. **
