SUB: Acculturation and Assimilation of smaller demographics/groups into larger demographics.
Thu, Feb 09 2023, San Jose, CA, USA
To
    1. Hon’ble PM of India,
    2. Ministry of Home Affairs,
    3. Ministry of Law and Justice,
    4. Ministry of Defense,
    5. Ministry of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship,
    6. Ministry of Information and Broadcasting,
    7. Ministry of External Affairs,
    8. Ministry of Women and Child Development, Minority Affairs,
    9. Ministry of Tribal Affairs,
    10. Ministry of Culture and Tourism,
    11. Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment,
    12. Ministry of Statistics and Programme implementation,
    13. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to your Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed countries. I admire the audacious dream of raising the Indian living standards with a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Agnipath, Gati-Shakthi, Gift City, Mission Karmayogi, GEM, JAM Trinity, Semiconductor PLI and other such Digital India manufacturing policies etc.
Until now, the major focus of your policies is on the improvement of standard of living for all. However your governance must also take into account strengthening of the political and religious fringe elements socially and media wise. Many fringe groups/minorities in India are so bolstered now with the gained prosperity and internet media access that they are making documentaries on the kamiya (short-falls) of your governance like one obvious BBC documentary released recently. Empathizing with you, whatever the majority political discourse in India may be, the ground reality in India is that, since last 75 years or so, the divisiveness among Indians has been nurtured foolishly by celebrating it as diversity and worse secularism. How is appeasing those fringe groups following foreign religions and foreign ideologies aimed at dividing India secular? Totally ridiculous! There is also revival of archaic minority groups amidst larger demographics by what is known as reactionism thus slowing those majority demographics also from progressing into the 21st century on par with the developed countries. This is true especially related to the politics of Jammu and Kashmir and North East India where some fringe elements are disturbing the peace of the moderate majority of all religions who are only concerned only about their daily guzara.
In this regard, I propose PhDs at the esteemed universities of India’s social and political sciences to come up with methodologies for acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration of fringe groups into mainstream Indianness as described by Late PM Atal Behari Vajpayee in the context of Jammu and Kashmir as Insaniyat, Jamhuriyat, Kashmiriyat.
In North East India, Since last many decades, foreign missionaries successfully used those methodologies of acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration so much so that not only they wish to separate from the Secular and Socialist Democracy of India but also the foreign grooms are finding large number of North East Indian brides in marriage and successfully having happy families with inter-racial kids with those North East Indian brides. Such methodologies are also used by western missionaries in states like Goa, Puducherry, Kerala and even in countries like Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, South Korea, Philippines to just name a few.
For ages since ancient times, a federal government’s major challenge is to defend the country. For such defense not only latest weaponry is required, but also cohesiveness and fraternity of all demographics in the country. You see India is not a planet. India is only a country among several countries on Earth. In the modern times, we need to understand the times we are living in South Asia straddled by countries with no regards for a secular democracy similar to how it was since last 1500 years or so. Just as one would guard their farm, hope Indian Government uses novel methods (including Cyber tech, Digital Personal Data Protection) to guard the country’s populace from mind-manipulation by means & methods of acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration.
For instance, the classical Indian News Reporters and Journalists, with their classical views, are expending all their physical resources and mental energies at preserving divisiveness(under the disguise of vividatha) that is ultimately detrimental to the sovereignty of the country. When politicians and even common masses reject them, they ultimately perish in vain senile, in mental agony or get murdered due to lack of communication skills. But if those classical journalists are trained to transition to have a wider perspective of the national problems of 21st century and their relation to globalization, Knowledge-based economies and world governments like UNO, NATO, ASEAN etc., then maybe their perspectives are better aligned to working on satisfactory objectives instead of working on wrong objectives resulting in mental anguish due to intolerance of the demographics they come in contact with often. For example, the journalists promoting the ‘Jal, Jungle and Jameen’ are bound to fail because the world is not going to wait for certain demographics to catch up to them, instead exploit the naive resulting in colonization as evident from India’s history with the invasion of Aryans, Greeks, Turks, Moguls and more recently Europeans. Such Journalists cannot be just admonished by a political party or their rival news media. Such journalists must be taught while they are budding at the universities by PhD works related to acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration.
In 21st Century, the people of a nation are self-sufficient/self-reliant/?????????? only when they can protect themselves sufficiently. For that to happen, efforts must be made to establish and maintain world-class universities consisting of graduate curriculum in Sciences, Technologies, Engineering, Management, Mathematics, Medical care, Social reforms, History, Political reforms etc. An ecosystem of innovation ( ?????? ) and reforms must be spread among academia, startups, NGOs, established corporations and the governments. Majority of Indians cannot be living like cattle in a cattle-shed and when someone wants to rent a few, the cattle-herders are happy to give them away. Also India cannot be an amusement park of stone-age for the rich travelers from developed countries and their kids. Therefore India’s human resources must be developed by educating as many as possible at Universities. Due to scarcity of highly educated man-power, foreign countries are being setup in India for many high-tech projects of electronics, electric vehicles, semiconductors, smart-phones, trains, cars, gadgets, roads, airports, medicines etc. India-led & India-owned Development is required for the success of India.
Since the times of Alexander, any invaders’ first actions were to destroy the universities and cause brain-drain. That’s what gets a professor Kautilya to go as far as Maghada in search of an army to protect his University, a bastion of knowledge in the North West India. In ancient times, all countries in world were agricultural economies. 73 years ago even China was predominantly an Agricultural economy. Same goes to few other East Asian Countries that are developed now. A human civilization is different from that of a canines’ civilization or an apes’ civilization or a bovines’ civilization or a lions’ civilization. And people must all be aware and must contemplate on what’s best for us and our countries from time to time and accordingly set their goals in line with the rest of humanity in USA, France, Korea, China, Singapore, UK or other Developed nations. Therefore, as many in a nation as possible must be educated in graduate and post-graduate degrees, with poor getting scholarships to improve their loyalty to that particular nation. We must all ask which is better for a nation, unemployed-uneducated or unemployed-educated youth? Only when people are uneducated, that's when they give excuses engaging in brute-force politics due to lack of better career opportunities. Unemployed post-graduate youth are the least worry to a nation and majority will ultimately strive to be entrepreneurs, start non-profits, join civil services, armed forces, become politicians, free-lance reporters, go to foreign countries etc., thus ensuring India will also develop in Fourth Industrial Revolution on par with at least China if not USA.
A sovereign Democracy works only when a critical mass of the population of a nation is well versed in national, international politics and economics. With as much education as possible including higher education, South Asia's future can be improved. People are not born leaders, they are made. With best post-graduate education, the leaders will have ability to read documents, control impulses and make decisions rationally, be logical in their speaking etc. For the population of South Asia, the number of thinkers has to be on par with other nations. Then those educated will have ability to help others also understand the importance of standard-of-living over fighting foolishly over religion, tribe, sect, race, language, region etc. As those leaders perish, a next generation of leaders better than them must arise. Without a critical mass of educated intellectuals throughout South Asia, there won't be much democracy in South Asia how much ever one may try. Look, what’s happening in Middle-East, Eastern Europe, Central Africa or Central America. Look, what’s happening in India’s neighborhood of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Myanmar. One of the reasons for debacle of those countries is defined by a term called ‘groupthink’ a psychological phenomenon that occurs within a group of people in which the desire for harmony or conformity in the group results in an irrational or dysfunctional decision-making outcome.
Your motivating speeches are fine for the sake of chronological evidence of brain-storming sessions related to India’s sovereignty and unity among the masses. However one must also implement many more tangible ideas for the betterment of marginalized communities like Dalits, Adivasis, LGBT, marginalized OBCs and even the low-level labor like construction workers, house-keepers etc. In all such efforts, women and children must included in at least some schemes and some actions. In other words, voicing problems to make everyone aware is only like setting direction for an ideological journey. However one must also think about what all steps/tasks/vehicles required for that journey to reach the successive mile-stones on that ideological journey. One must Plan, Organize, Execute and check the progress of that ideology or strategy among the masses. Without proper institutionalization, planning, execution and then quantification of the results, any activism is just another brute-force implementation which may succeed or fail due to random causes nobody ever preconceived. I do see such achievements by your Government with regards to toilets, sanitary pads, pregnancy and child birth related programs, women’s education, women’s inclusion in predominantly male professions like business and armed forces etc. Hope all such schemes especially those related to education are scaled in proportion to the population.
With a population comparable to China, India still struggling to progress Indian Civilization into 21st century and blaming it on the democracy of India is ridiculous. In India and many developing countries whatever their flavor of Government is, one of the problems is bringing together like-minded people to effect a social or economic change for improvement in the standard-of-living and to generate economic-value which in turn upgrades social and political status of the country in the comity of nations. One with money (like Vcs, foreign NGOs or their chamchas) may be able to assemble a team of employees in India more easily than a team of focused and calculated risk-takers. The focused and calculated risk-takers will arise only when the tertiary education in India is improved and EXPANDED to create co-operative constructive competition in research among various Indian universities at the center and state levels, including private universities. The processes of acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration in China, Taiwan, countries of European settlers must also be studied to see if at least few methodologies and schemes may be modified and used in Indian context by all ministries including Home affairs and Defense for the unity and the integrity of the country.
Ever wonder why Taiwan, Korea, Japan, France, Singapore and USA can do such wonders in technologies and India with its vast population cannot do the same even with so called literacy and great religions? Because Indian Governments only concentrated on basic literacy for so long and have not been paying as much attention to the tertiary studies at Universities of sciences, technologies, engineering, medicine etc. According to 2023 US News report of Best Global Universities Rankings, here is how South Asia compares to East Asia with respect to the number of world ranked universities in Sciences, Technologies, Engineering, Mathematics, Medical sciences etc.
China(351)+Japan(118)+S.Korea(60)+Taiwan(37)+Thailand(14)+Vietnam(6)+Singapur(4)=590
India(99)+Pakistan(21)+BanglaDesh(2)+Sri Lanka(3)+Nepal(1)+Bhutan(0)+Afghanistan(0)=126
Now who are we kidding saying India is ‘Vishwaguru’ straddled by nations with no regards for a secular democracy. South Asia with a population of around 200 crores has only 126 world ranked universities while the Europe with just over 75 crores has around 663 world ranked universities as per 2023 US News report of Best Global Universities Rankings.
For instance, The population of Japan is just 12.5 crores. According to 2023 US News Report of Best Global Universities Rankings, there are 118 world ranked universities in Japan. For a Japanese population of 12.5 crores if there are 118 world ranked universities, then for an Indian population of around 140 crores, there must be over 1200 world ranked universities in India. How many are there now? Right now there are only 99 world ranked universities in India as per 2023 US News Report of Best Global universities rankings. More statistics, the population of Germany is 8.5 crores. The population of Switzerland is 85 lakhs. According to 2023 US News report of Best Global Universities Rankings, there are 74 world ranked universities in Germany and there are 12 world ranked universities in Switzerland. India’s population of 1390 millions is more than 15 times of Germany and more than 150 times of Switzerland. It is time for Indian consumers to introspect about what’s the use of India’s population that is 15 times of Germany and more than 150 times of Switzerland? Therefore India’s natural resource called human resources must also be developed by educating as many as possible at Universities. For those who can’t pursue studies at Universities, there must be vocational colleges teaching them 21st century job skills so they either provide their services or start their own trades.
Thus in order to improve mind-set, India’s human capital must be skilled which in turn builds social, diplomatic/political and cultural credit besides generating financial revenues. The NGOs and the Governments may come up with a ranking for all universities based on diversity and tolerance. With such ranking, the aspiring students may opt for those more diverse universities where they can study without distractions or discrimination of any kind thus becoming the light of their own communities, states and the countries. In other words, increasing the number of universities and their global rankings must be the focus of all intellectuals and NGOs now so that South Asia will also have choicest man-power to work on not only latest sciences and technologies but also social and political reforms ultimately improving the overall standard of living of all and their families. When the overall standard of living of all communities is improved, then they will have time to discuss, debate, research and become more aware of their voting power inside universities and also outside in communities.
Entire India's economy revolves around easy money like farming, mining, imported machinery, World Bank loans and imported raw materials for industries etc. Even your central government’s FDI policies appear to be easy routes chosen to show some jobs for Indian Youth. Right now China has the largest bullet train network almost all indigenously built by them while India is struggling with just one imported Japanese bullet-train project. India's foreign policy must mature out of exporting food, minerals and visa slaves to generate foreign reserves for importing weapons, industrial raw materials and machinery. India’s Ministry of External Affairs must have overlapping committees with not just Defense, I&B, Aviation, Tourism and Home Affairs but also various other ministries related to Health, Education, Sciences and Technologies, Agriculture, Food Processing, Environment, WCD, Law, MEITY, Tribal Affairs, Heavy industries, Sports etc.
India’s problem is not population, poverty or a Political ideology though they are effects/remedies of actual India’s problem which is MIND-SET towards developing India indigenously like Japanese, Chinese or Americans. The tribal silos mentality disguised as Indian culture being promoted by Indian politicians and popular media must be reshaped from tribal concentration to the community culture. For such efforts, proper research related to acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration at  India’s esteemed universities of Social and Political Sciences will definitely help.
Viruses will go away with vaccines, however the biggest epidemic in India are cognitive distortions, logical fallacies and mental diseases. As soon as someone tells anything scientific for common good involving teamwork, many Indians go through their checklist of discriminatory ideologies subliminally to trust, comprehend and discuss about same. By discriminatory ideologies, I mean religion, caste, race, last-name, tribe, sect, clan, cult, creed, language, region, direction of region(N/S/E/W), last name, pin code, language, skin-color, hair-color, eye-color, gender (women, LGBTQ), media, NGO, business, any Government institution, dress habits, food habits, exercise habits etc.
In 21st century, Indians must resolve to only concentrate on common interests so we all have happy and prosperous lives, communities, cities, states and a nation by the power of modern sciences and technologies. Let us wish for a day when Indians get noticed only for their thoughts, deeds and degrees but NOT for their religion, caste, language, region, skin-color, health issues or even what they wear or what they eat? Thus one of the fundamental practical steps for changing the whole system is by increasing the number of universities and also improving the quality of education in those universities. 
Right now many foreign brands are manufacturing in India competitively because India does not have ability to build anything high-tech from scratch sourcing minerals, building all necessary components and assembling them. India’s iron ore and basic steel is exported to South Korea and from South Korea finished components are being imported and assembled in India as cars and electronic gadgets is similar to what European Colonialists did with India’s minerals including coal and also agricultural produce like cotton, teas, spices etc.
Almost 8 years past, there are allegations that your Government is not facilitating CBI, ED and other intelligence related to corruption and negligence in your own party or party funders. One such debacle is now being coined as Adani – Modi Scandal. And Almost 8 years, middle-class has now started accusing your rule as only those interested in Terrorism, Pollution, weapon buying and promotion of so called ancient Indian culture not worrying about the problems of educated middle-class and poor educated Indian youth(especially Indian men). Just like sports medals increased, the suicides of Indian youth are also increasing. Not only farmer families in villages, even young urban teenagers are committing suicides as they are becoming demotivated due to scarcity of seats in esteemed universities of medical sciences, management, engineering and technologies. Sometimes it is best to get back to asking basic questions in the Parliament and the state legislatures or just around street corners, those basic questions like what is the participation of each and every Government university in the development of India economically, socially, politically, diplomatically and health-wise?
Those who don't know history and those intellectuals who don’t learn from it are doomed to repeat it. To not repeat history, just the knowledge of history and a critical research on it to truly unravel the debacles of governance will definitely help in the true reconciliation of South Asia’s various demographics of discriminatory ideologies like religion, caste, race, last-name, tribe, sect, clan, cult, creed, language, region, direction of region(N/S/E/W), last name, pin-code, language, skin-color, hair-color, eye-color, gender (women, LGBTQ), media, NGO, business, any Government institution, dress habits(burqa, hijab, beard, topi, goonghat, gown/cross, prune head/long hair/short hair, suit, boot, saadi, skirt, mini, short, doti, pant, digambar etc.), food habits (veg, non-veg, beef, pork, halal, jhatka etc.), exercise habits(yoga, golf, cricket, gym, tennis, boxing, dance etc.), cultural habits(modern, ancient, conservative etc.), jalsa status habits(car, home, branded gadgets, fair wife, jewelry, servants, VIP club entries, illegal stimulants, medical care and children in foreign countries etc.)  etc.
If you analyze and observe, the nations that are transitioning from the status of third-world to developing to developed nations have similar ways of life and they do not follow their religions verbatim though they strive to defend the same for political and economic gains. Just upgrading economic reforms and relaxing FDI laws won’t help achieve development. Besides Economic reforms, any nation needs waves of social and cultural reforms in parallel to catch up with China, USA, Japan or other developed nations. Many nations of South Asia carrying the weight of their bygone colonial history, had waves of social and cultural reforms prior to independence to unite their peoples against colonial rule. However after Independence, the social and cultural change has been rather slow in those nations. Many nations are still struggling to shake off the colonial mindset being passed on from generation to generation. India finally getting to an equal economic status with China (or USA) will not happen without social, cultural and scientific reforms. Governments (of elected large “developing” diverse, socialist, secular democracies) like India might fail trying to be like USA or China without social & cultural reforms. Few small democracies may succeed (like Israel, UAE, Rwanda, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan etc.) implementing reforms quickly and strictly. Even China had to go through social & cultural reforms as part of their ‘cultural revolution’ before they became world’s technological super power.
India has a wealth of age-old knowledge in religious domain (Hinduism, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism etc.) extolling/respecting/protecting women. But could all the religions solve women’s issues and protect them from Psychopaths (includes women Psychopaths too)? If crimes against women are happening in states like UP, Kerala, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh where there is a huge proliferation of Christianity and/or Islam, can anyone imagine the blithe of atrocities on women in small towns and villages across India especially in states of North India and North East where Polygamy exists? There are uneven colonial laws of India depending on region and religions. In 21st Century, it is time to start mulling on ‘Uniform Civil Code’ for all irrespective of their religions. For such efforts, proper research related to acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration at  India’s esteemed universities of Social and Political Sciences will definitely help. China, Russia, USA, Brazil, Canada, France, Australia, New Zealand all have Uniform Civil Code with very few exceptions. Therefore, Uniform Civil Code must be discussed and researched at all Indian Universities of political and social sciences, and implemented as soon as possible to maintain respect and dignity of Indians ensuring women’s emancipation, empowerment and equality.
Corona virus will go away with the vaccines, however the biggest epidemic in India are cognitive distortions, logical fallacies and mental diseases. A sage must understand science even if he or she is not a scientist. A scientist must understand entrepreneurship even if he or she is not an Entrepreneur. Vice versa, an Entrepreneur must understand at least some aspects of Sciences, Technologies, Engineering and mathematics used to make the products or services of the business they’re working for. Both Entrepreneurs and Scientists may understand a nation’s politics. Thus, spiritual socio political scientific economic developments of a nation are intertwined.
A university is an institution of higher (or tertiary) education and research which awards academic degrees in several academic disciplines. Thus we must all ask what is the meaning of an Indian University if only few subjects are being taught and excelled at? You see the universities like Harvard or Stanford in USA producing lawyers, engineers, world famous doctors, US presidents, Facebook founder, world famous writers, actors, movie directors, producers, Nobel prize winning scientists, historians, mathematicians, Journalists etc. It’s a synergy, for city/country development, for universities to have as many departments as possible (of medicine, technical, business, politics, sciences etc.) in the same campus and University system. It’s unfortunate that many Indian universities are segmented like only Technical/Engineering or only medical and they have no inter-disciplinary departments either on the same campus or under an umbrella of same University system. And Indian universities graduating those in law, BCom, BSc, Arts and other Social studies are far away 20 kms or so from Technical/medical universities as if either of them will get infected from strange diseases and entrepreneur/political ideas if placed on same campus or under same university system. Isn’t it beneficial for the city/country when a group of students (Management & Engineering & Medical & Law etc) become friends and socialize? Look how Harvard is, how Stanford is, UCLA, UC Berkley, UIUC, Tsinghua, Fudan, NTU, Tokyo etc. how other universities across the world’s richest nations are and how separated IIMs, AIIMS and IITs are… Instead of building colleges to each sector, it is cheaper to build and manage universities granting degrees in various academic sectors/disciplines instead of one college for each sector. Thus, youth of different disciplines of studies must be stimulated to align themselves for greater purposes of improving the standard of living, beyond the ‘culture’ advocated by Indian politicians and their media.
Mananiya, Hope you understand what I wrote here about multi-disciplinary research. For instance, a particular Hydro College may be transformed into a university to have disciplines on Chemical engineering, biomedical engineering (for medical devices), environmental engineering, robotics, aviation/drone tech, sciences, IT, medical & related branches, social and political sciences relevant to North and Mountainous India. Having all such inter-disciplinary studies will not only strengthen the knowledge-based workforce but will also save on the administrative overload and costs for the youth there. It will also have positive impact on the indirect jobs in the region because bigger educational institution and associated research in both scientific and social arenas means more business for simpleton farmers and vendors like hotel dhabas, dhobis, house-keepers, rickshaw wallas etc.
Therefore Home, Defense, Education, I&B and External Affairs ministries may identify such grave issues of acculturation, assimilation and adaptation related to the unity and the integrity of the country. They may then present them as PhD topics at Indian universities of social and political sciences for finding best social schemes and methodologies for acculturation, adaptation, assimilation and integration of various little fringe groups into a bigger wholesome demographic. Instead of archaic divide and rule policy of Colonizers in the bygone centuries, the contemporary Sovereign Central Government of India must give importance to research and rule policy for acculturation, assimilation and adaptation of various fringe groups of minorities into the larger humanity humanely by modern relevant social sciences research at the esteemed universities of India.
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a stable, harmonious, peaceful and a prosperous nation with more than 15 trillion dollar economy soon, I humbly present this matter for your Government’s review keeping in mind the ever changing politics & economies around the world and also the breaking-India forces in the neighborhood of India and also around the world.
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect & wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too. Since it is in my own personal interest if not anyone else’s grievance that all Indians are aligned towards improving standard-of-living for all, I am submitting this humble grievance/request/suggestion attached as a PDF document.
Satyameva Jayathe
Kal Gandikota
San Jose, CA, USA
Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am an Ordinary Overseas Citizen of India. I am not paid to write here and I am not seeking any favors. 
Copy to whoever else it may concern.
