Sub: 2021 suggestions for the amendment of Apprentices Act-1961, (Regarding suggestions for the apprenticeship jobs in an era of 21st century Digital Governance in India)

**No Response Required. **

Apr 30 2021, San Jose, CA, USA

To

1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. To whoever else it may concern,

Dear Respected Sir/Madam,

Namasthe. My sincere thanks to Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed nations. I admire the audacious dream of making India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next few years by a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Mission Karmayogi, Updated Farm laws etc.

I understand you set very high standards of governance for drive the nation forward towards self-sufficiency (Atmanirbharatha). In this regard, please find attached a pdf document suggesting ideas for the 2021 amendments to Apprentice Act of 1961.

I prepared my suggestions point-wise for the 2021 amendments to Apprentice Act of 1961 and I am supposed to upload the document on mygov.in website for review by authorities at the Ministry of Skill Development. However, mygov.in website is too slow and also I did not find the discussion forum post anymore related to 2021 amendments to Apprentice Act of 1961. Therefore, since the matters of youth employment are a primary concern for your Government, I am presenting to you directly my suggestions in the attached pdf document titled ‘Suggestions for the 2021 amendments to Apprentice Act of 1961’.

Please kindly gather some time to go over the points presented in the attached document. If you are short of time, please kindly forward my document to your advisors for review and summary. (My grass-roots views are based on my 11 years of experience as a SoC(microchip) Verification Engineer in USA (mostly California) after completing my Masters in Computer Engineering in USA. My views are also influenced by my observations related to the globalization of high-tech industries.)

Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a prosperous nation with more than 5 trillion dollar economy soon, robust policies must be created and/or updated for skilling as many apprentices of varying educational qualifications as quickly as possible effectively and efficiently.

What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect or wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.

Satyameva Jayathe
Kal Gandikota
San Jose, CA, USA

Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors.

Copy to whoever else it may concern.

*No Response Required. **