SUB: The need for Indian Regulatory Bodies in Mental Health similar to American Psychological Association and American Psychiatric Association (can be a QUAD STEM Fellowship in the medical field)
May 25 2022, San Jose, CA, USA
To
1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
3. Ministry of Home Affairs
4. Ministry of Law and Justice
5. Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment
6. Ministry of Women and Child Development
7. Expert Translators of languages in the Central Government
8. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to the Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed countries. I admire the audacious dream of raising Indian standard of living with a number of policy reforms like National Education Policy, Startup India, Skill India, Mission Karmayogi, JAM Trinity etc.
As India progresses in the digital age, the number of sedentary workers (desk-job workers) will only rise. While working, the farmers will have freedom-of-movement. The street vendors and the owners of Small and Micro enterprises also have some freedom-of-movement. However the workers in factories assembly-lines have severely restricted freedom-of-movement. Thus not only bureaucrats and High-tech workers, even a factory worker’s job is many times sedentary and one cannot expect all factory workers or street vendors to be doing a overall body work-out often like Yoga for physical and mental health. Due to sedentary nature of jobs, such workers (high-wage or low-wage, high-tech or ordinary) face not only physical health issues but also mental health and social problems. 
One common crisis among the Indian demographics of farmers, street vendors, students, small and micro enterprises and sedentary workers is that they all commit suicides in alarming numbers though their mental health and social issues are different. Due to such mental and social issues, there will be a loss of productivity over one’s life time and such loss of productivity for the whole population of India may be simply measured in terms of loss of GDP annually. Due to insufficient incomes, their standard of living is impaired or delayed which in turn creates/aggravates serrations/cracks in the social fabric of India. Mending such cracks in the social fabric will take not only resources but also time, sometime decades, centuries and may be even millennia…
The existing Government and Private mental-health hospitals and institutes in India appear to be either working in complete silos or only sporadically exchanging ideas with each other. There appears to be no one regulatory body under whose framework (Dancha, ?????) they may all share their ideas and also practice their mental-health profession accordingly. For example, how NIMHANs in Bangalore promotes mental health is different from how HMD of New Delhi is different from how GHMC of Vishakapatnam promote mental health. Therefore there is a need for Central Regulatory Bodies for Mental Health similar to American Psychological Association and American Psychiatric Association which were established at least 100 years ago. Not only of USA, India may also review the existing mental health systems in developed countries of East like Japan to establish and nurture India’s own regulatory bodies for mental health in the context of Indian laws, traditions and cultures. Such research may be a QUAD STEM Fellowship in the medical field.
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a prosperous nation with more than 5 trillion dollar economy soon so that basic needs of Indian people are met like work, food, clothing, shelter and spouse, I am submitting this humble request (as a PDF document attached.)
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect & wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.
Satyameva Jayathe!
Kal Gandikota
San Jose, CA, USA
Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors. 
Copy to whoever else it may concern.
