SUB: A Challenge to the Ministry of Culture regarding changing the mind-set of Indian Youth to celebrate a local single’s romantic day instead of Valentine’s Day celebrated on February 14th.
July 19, 2021, San Jose, CA, USA
To
1. Hon’ble PM of India
2. Ministry of Culture
3. Ministry of Women and Child Development (and Family Welfare)
4. To whoever else it may concern,
Dear Respected Sir/Madam,
Namasthe. My sincere thanks to Central government for striving to develop India on par with developed nations. I admire the audacious dream of making India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next few years by a number of socio-economic reforms. I understand you set very high standards of governance to drive the nation forward towards self-sufficiency (Atmanirbharatha). In this regard,
I challenge your Ministry of Culture to upgrade the mind-set of Indian Youth to celebrate a local single’s romantic day instead of Valentine’s Day celebrated on February 14th. This Valentine’s Day celebrated on February 14th has not helped any European nation or nations of European Settlers (like USA, Canada, Australia etc.) as is evident from the number of divorce cases, the number of marriages they get into and the multitudes of single-mothers, orphans & foster parents etc.
Next door, China has a national Single’s Day, other than Valentine’s Day (celebrated on Feb 14th), on which they even conduct mass marriages (Samuhik Vivah).( On that day, the sales are the highest in the world even surpassing USA’s ThanksGiving Day, a cultural holiday day in USA where all families of a family-tree(vansh) meet and celebrate)
Christianity has been portrayed as a religion of Love and ‘Sanatana Dharma’ is portrayed as a cacophony cocktail of misguided customs & traditions suppressing Love and freedom of lovers. Sports, arts and culture are soft tools/weapons of rulers in any political system whether it be a monarchy, democracy, single party, dictatorship etc. And rulers must always invent and or improve the sports, arts and cultures in any system of governance anywhere around the planet. It appears to me that both Americans and Chinese are very good it. Maanyavar, please kindly motivate your Government to help India also similarly.
Please find attached a pdf document with some details not only about what I presented above but also to exercise the critical thinking of your ministries in understanding the Indian Youth in the era of 21st Century Internet Age.
(My grass-roots views are based on my observations in India until 2004 & in USA from 2004 and also interacting with people of other races, religions and cultures in USA besides watching reputed national and international on-demand news channels)
Since it is in my own personal interest that India becomes a prosperous nation with more than 15 trillion dollar economy soon, robust policies must be created and/or updated for continuously improving Indian culture keeping in mind the neighborhood of India and world.
Progress and Prosperity always. Where there is no progress and where there is no prosperity, there is no peace and there is no love.
What I wrote is from/related to my own research and experiences. Please kindly forgive me if I said or asked for anything inconvenient, incorrect or wrong. Due to time constraints, please kindly forgive my English mistakes too.
Satyameva Jayathe,
Kal Gandikota
Note: I am not affiliated with any political party, any religion, caste, tribe, last name, pin code, language, region, media, NGO, business or any Government institution. I am still an ordinary Indian Citizen. I am not paid to write here and not seeking favors.
Copy to whom it may concern

